
Audience Profile 
Our primary audience for this documentation is college students looking to simplify and enhance their learning and research experience. Being college students ourselves, we can relate to this audience and provide them with information that they will find useful based on our experiences. We do not intend for this to be an overly technical document. Our audience likely is familiar with Firefox, but may not be as familiar with the many different features. Our main goal is to educate students on the variety of options presented through Firefox and how they can be beneficial to their educational experience. 
	By the time students are in college, many are set in their ways when it comes to things like choosing an internet browser, how they research, and how they learn best. Because of this, it may be difficult to suggest a change. This is why it is important for us to highlight the benefit and ease of incorporating Firefox into these areas. Students who are looking to change or improve their research and study habits are likely to be the most responsive to this document. 
	This document will be most effective if it is short and to the point, but making sure that no important information is sacrificed in the process is essential. The audience will care most about how this information impacts them directly. We must provide realistic examples of how Firefox can be implemented in students’ lives right now. We must think about problems that they are facing and offer unique solutions. We strive to be informative, accurate, and helpful in our document. Hopefully, we will be able to assist college students in some way while they are trying to master their academic skills and research process. 
